Episode 24, Elizabeth.
George and I arrived in Ankhazastan on a cold Monday morning.
It was our third trip but this one would be different.
After George’s humiliation by the media, and Miki’s marriage
to five women, we were both unhappy with things in Ankhazastan.
Our first stop, as always, was the Presidential Palace.
As we stepped through the grand entrance and were led to see Miki, I
asked George, “Do you think he’s going to turn on the charm again?”
George just smiled and said, “It’s Miki, what do you expect?”
“My great friends!
So lovely to see you!” was his greeting as he called for a bottle of Chateau Latour.
It was difficult to stay upset with Miki in his presence, and I know George felt the same way.
We longed to chat with him as friends, like in the
old days, but we all knew business had to come first.
“Things are falling apart, Miki,” said George, “What are we going to do?”
Miki took the bottle of wine from his butler and poured out three glasses.
“As it happens, I do have a plan.
It’s quite radical - are you ready for it?” he smiled.
I sipped nervously on the wine.
Perhaps his radical plan would involve him divorcing his five wives.
“Okay,” he said, “Here it is: both of you stay in Ankhazastan!
George, you will be the Minister of Finance and Investment.
Elizabeth, you will be the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
You can begin new lives here and you will even be
able to keep me under control when I get too drunk!”
It was a completely ridiculous idea.
And yet…
Miki must have known that my marriage wasn’t exactly
Romeo and Juliet and my career had hit a brick wall.
So why not, I thought to myself.
It would be a new life, a new career, new opportunities…
But I knew not to show my cards too early
.
“We’re here for a week, Miki,” I said.
“It’s a no for now.
If things change, I’ll let you know before we go”
“Alright,” Miki said, “Let’s enjoy our time together and you can think it over.
We will discuss this again on Friday.”
But George was more gung ho, or at least he wasn’t as good at hiding his emotions as I was.
I could see the look of excitement on his face.
He was ready to give everything up and become part of Miki’s experiment.
“I think it’s a fantastic idea, Miki,” he said, holding out his glass for a refill of wine.
“I think we could really make it work!”
That was George, gullible, easily tricked by Miki, and always rushing into things.
But had he forgotten our plan to meet a certain person the following day?